feat: Introduce ux CLI. Add optimize-images sub command. (#397)
thenativeweb/thenativeweb-ux: README.md

$ npm run start-sample-application
```

## Optimizing images

> To optimize JPG, PNG, and SVG images of a website, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To optimize `.jpg`, `.png`, and `.svg` images of a website, use the following command:
```

```shell
$ npx ux optimize-images --source <path> --destination <path>
```

> The command recursively copies all images from the source folder to the destination folder and optimizes them using a reasonable preset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command recursively copies all images from the source directory to the destination directory and optimizes them using a reasonable preset.
```
